.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH KCOLLECTD 1 "31 August 2019"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
kcollectd \- displays system time-series monitoring information in collectd
rrd datacollections
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B kcollectd
.\"RI [ options ] " files" ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B kcollectd
is a simple application that presents
\fBcollectd\fR(1)
time-series data in a natural way.  The mousewheel up and down action
lets you zoom in and out, respectively, and click and dragging lets you
move around (in the recorded history).  There is an automatic
update-and-follow mode, which  presents new data in real time, allowing
kcollectd to be used as a status monitor.
.PP
At the left side of the window there is a tree that lists all identified
\fBcollectd\fR(1) data sources.
You can display any such data by dragging it onto the desired graph in the
right hand panel.
.PP
At the right, various data sources are shown in graphs. You can move
the graph to the left or right with the mouse and zoom in or out with
the mousewheel or the zoombuttons.  Plots can be created and destroyed from
the right-click context menu.  The context menu also allows for the deletion
of unwanted data sources from a given graph.
.PP
At the lower left the auto-update-button switches kcollectd into the
update-and-follow-mode.  In this mode the right side of the graph is pinned to
the current time, and new data is presented in real time.  The plot can still
be zoomed with the mouse wheel.
.SH AUTHOR
kcollectd was written by M G Berberich.
.PP
This manual page was written by M G Berberich <berberic@fmi.uni-passau.de>
and Antonio Russo <antonio.e.russo@gmail.com>.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR collectd(1)
.BR rrdtool(1)
